In their lifetime, house cats spend approximately 10,950 hours purring
A cockroach can change directions up to 25 times in a second
In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere.
Play-Doh was introduced in 1956 by Hasbro Inc. The only color availabe was an off white, and it came in one size which a one and a half pound can
The Pentagon cost $49,600,000 to build in 1941
A baseball will go farther in hot temperature than in cold temperature
Did you know that there are coffee flavored PEZ?
Walmart-mart sells more apparel a year than all the other competing department stores combined
The origins of the soldier term \"G.I.\" is an abbreviation for \"Government Issue,\" which was stamped on all government kits supplied to recruits in the US Army during World War II
Oral-B were the first toothbrushes to go to the moon when they were aboard the Apollo 11 mission
The month of December is the most popular month for weddings in the Philippines
To manufacture a new car approximately 148,000 liters of water is needed.
There are five million scent receptors located in a human beings nose
The longest town name in the world has 167 letters
Stewardesses is one of the longest words typed with only the left hand
When Coca-Cola began to be sold in China, they used characters that would sound like \"Coca-Cola\" when spoken. Unfortunately, what they turned out to mean was \"Bite the wax tadpole\". It did not sell well
Marlboro was the first cigarette company to market a cigarette that had a red filter called \"beauty tip.\" This was done to hide the lipstick marks left on the filter from women smokers
If all the Oreo cookies ever sold were stacked on top of one another, they would be as high as 13.3 million Sears Towers
To lose one pound of fat, a person has to burn approximately 3,500 calories
The Hubble telescope is so powerful that it is like pointing a beam of light at a dime that is two hundred miles away.
Fat is important for the development of children and normal growth
Leather skin does not have any smell. The leather smell that you sense is actually derived from the materials used in the tanning process
If the population of China walked past you in single file, the line would never end because of the rate of reproduction
St. Louis, Missouri was the first U.S. city to host the summer Olympics in 1904
3000 children die every day in Africa because of malaria
Google receives more than 200 million search queries a day, more than half of which come from outside the United States. Peak traffic hours to google.com are between 6 a.m. and noon PST, when more than 2,000 search queries are answered a second
On average, an American family sends and receives 28 Christmas cards each year
In France, the Big Dipper is called the "casserole."
Arthur Giblin was the inventor of the first "flushable" toilet
The designated instrument for the city of Detroit is the accordion
The first flavour of a cheese ball was called "Cheddy Blue."
In an average lifetime, people spend four years traveling in cars and six months waiting for red light to turn green
From all the vegetables, beets contain the most sugar
Skippy Peanut Butter is sold more in the world than any other peanut butter
Cimeti?re du P?re Lachaise located in Paris is the most visited cemetery in the world. The cemetery opened in 1805 and has over one million people buried there, including rock star Jim Morrison
898 tornadoes were recorded to have occurred in the United States in the year 2000.
In the U.S. peanuts account for 66% of all snack nuts
The New York Stock Exchange started out as a coffee house
Scientists with high-speed cameras have discovered that rain drops are not tear shaped but rather look like hamburger buns.
Swiss engineer George de Mestral, who got the idea after noticing burrs were sticking to his pants after his regular walks through the woods, invented Velcro.
According to the American Institute of Stress, job stress approximately costs the U.S. industry over $300 billion dollars per year
In a pack of Skittles candy, there is an equal 20% distribution of each flavour
The first letter Vanna White ever turned on the game show Wheel of Fortune was the letter "T."
The ostrich has two toes on each feet which gives it greater speed
U.S. Postal Service processes 38 million address changes each year
The Tibetan name for Mount Everest is Chomolungma
The first museum in Moscow that was set up in 1791 was the Natural History Laboratory at Moscow University. This later was changed to the Zoological Museum
The #1 peanut producing state is Georgia
An ostrich's eye is bigger that it's brain.
Close to 73% of girls in Bangladesh are married by age 18
The youngest pope was 11 years old
A maple tree is usually tapped when the tree is at least 45 years old and has a diameter of 12 inches
Every year in the U.S., there are 178,000 new cases of lung cancer
Americans collectively eat one hundred pounds of chocolate every second
Mangos are known throughout the world as the "King of Fruits."
The blind cavefish is born with eyes, but they fall off as the fish grows
The state that has the most diners in the world is New Jersey, which is referred to as the "Diner Capital of the World."
The board game Scrabble was originally called "Criss Cross Words" by inventor Alfred Butts
Only President to win a Pulitzer: John F. Kennedy for "Profiles in Courage"
The decomposition point of Olive Oil is 220 degrees Celsius
The sole purpose of a drone bee is to mate with the queen bee
The human brain has about 100,000,000,000 (100 billion) neurons
Dolphins hear by having sound waves transmit through their skull to their inner ear region
Aztec emperor Montezuma had a nephew, Cuitlahac, whose name meant "plenty of excrement."
75% of all raisins eaten by people in the United States are eaten at breakfast
The sentence "the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog" uses every letter in the english language
Great Britain was the first country to issue postage stamps in 1840
Herbert Hoover, who was the 31st president of the United Stated, turned over all the Federal salary checks he received to charity during the 47 years he was in government
The reason firehouses have circular stairways is from the days when the engines were pulled by horses. The horses were stabled on the ground floor and figured out how to walk up straight staircases
The list of ingredients that make up lipstick include fish scales
Play-Doh was introduced in 1956 by Hasbro Inc. The only color availabe was an off white, and it came in one size which a one and a half pound can
Approximately 40% of the states in the U.S. have severe, or extreme pollution problems
Flu shots only work about 70% of the time
During the First World War, cigarettes were handed out to soldiers along with their rations
Half of the 42 U.S. Presidents are of Irish descent
If a statue in the park of a person on a horse has both front legs in the air, the person died in battle; if the horse has one front leg in the air, the person died as a result of wounds received in battle; if the horse has all four legs on the ground, the person died of natural causes
Thomas Edison was afraid of the dark. (Hence, the light bulb?)
Thirteen percent of the human population reside in deserts
Centuries ago in India, a person could get their nose chopped off for breaking the law
A survey done by Clairol 10 years ago came up with 46% of men stating that it was okay to color their hair. Now 66% of men admit to coloring their hair
In 1916, Charlie Chaplin was making $10,000 a week, making him the highest paid actor of his time
Ketchup originated in China as a pickled fish sauce called ke-tsiap
Bill Russell was the first black head coach of a major league pro sports team
There is a town named Dildo in the province of Newfoundland, Canada
Humans and dolphins are the only species that have sex for pleasure
The sentence "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog." uses everyletter in the alphabet. (Developed by Western Union to Test telex/twxcommunications)
96% of people put the peanut butter on first when making a peanut butter and jelly sandwich
Only 55% of all Americans know that the sun is a star
Girls have more tastebud than boys
Throughout the South, peanuts were known as "Monkey Nuts," and "Goober peas," before the civil war
Two million red blood cells die every second
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear
The amount of blood a female mosquito drinks per serving is five millionths of a liter
A human embryo is smaller than a grain of rice at four weeks old
Minnows have teeth located on a bone in their throat
You can send a postcard from Hell. There is a small town located in the Cayman Islands called "Hell." They even have a post office
In an year, an average person makes 1,140 phone calls
In the United States, approximately seven billion pounds of chocolate and candy are manufactured each year
Japanese research has concluded that moderate drinking can boost IQ levels
Astronauts get taller when they are in space
The city of Las Vegas has the most hotel rooms in the world
Hundreds of years ago, only the wealthy people used to wear underwear
The first president to ride in an airplane was Franklin Roosevelt
The only state to grow pineapples is Hawaii
"Go." is the shortest complete sentence in the English language
The country with the highest consumption of candy at 29.5 pounds annually per person is Denmark
If you yelled for 8 years, 7 months and 6 days, you would have produced enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee
There are over 2,000 different types of cheese in the world
In Albania, nodding your head means "no" and shaking your head means "yes."
The king of hearts is the only king without a mustache
The Ancient Greek women made a type of cheek blush by painting their cheeks with herbal pastes which was made out of crushed berries and seeds
The Liberty Bell was the first mechanical slot machine, which was invented by Charles Fey, a car mechanic in 1895.
The most famous movie theatre is the "Chinese Theatre" located in Los Angeles, USA
Approximately 200 pets are buried in a pet cemetery out of the thousands of pets that die each day
A yawn usually lasts for approximately six seconds
The material to build the Taj Mahal was brought in from various parts of India by a fleet of 1000 elephants
Heavier lemons contain more and tastier juice
There are an average of 178 sesame seeds on a McDonald's Big Mac bun.
The Earth orbits the Sun at a speed of about 108,000 km per hour
The average ice berg weighs 20,000,000 tons
The thing that hangs from the top of the beak of a turkey is called the snood
A 13-year-old boy in India produced winged beetles in his urine after hatching the eggs in his body
Three years after a person quits smoking, there chance of having a heart attack is the same as someone who has never smoked before
Male goats will pee on each other in order to attract mates
Romans used to believe that walnuts could cure head ailments during the Renaissance, since their shape was similar to that of a brain
In 1938, Cliquot Club ginger ale was the first soft drink to be canned
As an iceberg melts, it makes a fizzing sound because of the compressed air bubbles popping in the ice
Traditionally, wild cabbage was used as an aphrodisiac
After twenty-seven years, Betty Rubble made her debut as a Flintstones Vitamin in 1996
Approximately 850 peanuts make a 18 oz jar of peanut butter
A common drink for Tibetans is Butter Tea which is made out of butter, salt, and brick tea
Roughly 44% of junk mail is thrown away unopened
The household wrench was invented by boxing heavyweight champion Jack Johnson in 1922
Cows can detect odors up to five miles away
Finland is also known as "the land of of the thousand lakes," because of the over 188,000 lakes found in this country
Soy crayons have been invented to replace wax crayons and one acre of soybeans can produce over 80,000 crayons
The largest hotel in the world is the MGM Grand, which has 5,034 rooms and is located in Las Vegas, Nevada
James Bond is also known as Mr. Kiss-Kiss-Bang-Bang
1 out of every 4 kids in the USA is overweight
Contrary to popular beliefs, chocolate does not cause acne
A giraffe is able to clean its ears with its own tongue
There are mirrors on the moon. Astronauts left them so that laser beams could be bounced off of them from Earth. These beams help give us the distance to the moon give or take a few metres.
In the U.S. there is, on average, three sex change operations per day